docs(en): added linear-search (#503)
MakeContributions/DSA: docs/en/Searching/Linear-Search.md

# Linear Search

**linear search**, also known as **Sequential search** is a method for finding an element within a list. A linear search sequentially checks each element of the list until it finds an element that matches the target value. If the algorithm reaches the end of the list, the search terminates unsuccessfully.

> 1. Time Complexity  : O(n)
> 2. Space Complexity : O(1)
> 3. Applications     : practical when the list has only a few elements,
>                       when performing a single search in an un-ordered list.
> 4. Founder's Name   : Anatole Beck and Donald J. Newman (1970)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Time Complexity: O(n)
2. Space Complexity: O(1)
3. Applications: practical when the list has only a few elements when performing a single search in an unordered list.
4. Founder's Name: Anatole Beck and Donald J. Newman (1970)
```

Linear search is usually very **simple to implement**.

## Steps/Algorithm: 
**Linear Search( Array A, Value x)**

Step 1: Set i to 1
Step 2: if i > n then go to step 7
Step 3: if A[i] = x then go to step 6
Step 4: Set i to i + 1
Step 5: Go to Step 2
Step 6: Print Element x Found at index i and go to step 8
Step 7: Print element not found
Step 8: Exit

## Pseudocode

**procedure linear_search (list, value)**

   for each item in the list
      if match item == value
         return the item's location
      end if

>    end for

Reviewer: bundle with these code in as code:
```
   for each item in the list
      if match item == value
         return the item's location
      end if
   end for
```

> end procedure

Reviewer: Are you missing the `start procedure`?
